[sso-session welltower]
sso_start_url = https://welltower-admin.awsapps.com/start#/
sso_region = us-east-1
sso_registration_scopes = sso:account:access

[profile default]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 583678989391
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile welltower-production]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 013501887498
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile welltower-vmc]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 257477991655
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile welltower-platform-uat]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 358646388167
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile welltower-log-archive]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 133569093331
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile Welltower]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 583678989391
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile welltower-network]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 353102158288
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile welltower-marketplace]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 961138291944
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile welltower-security]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 148226610104
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile welltower-platform-dev]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 725675846413
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile welltower-platform-operations]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 005851909592
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile welltower-platform-prod]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 602837221957
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json

[profile welltower-dr]
sso_session = welltower
sso_account_id = 365221082111
sso_role_name = AdministratorAccess
region = us-east-1
output = json